---
title: OpenWrt 22.03 升级 23.05
date: 2024-09-19 17:02:13
categories: 
- [OpenWrt]
tags: 
- openWrt
- sysupgrade
---


|主机名	|OpenWrt|
|---|---|
|型号	|Raspberry Pi 3 Model B V1.2|
|架构	|ARMv8 Processor rev 4|
|平台	|bcm27xx/bcm2710|
|目标OS  |OpenWrt 23.05.0|


`OpenWrt 22.03.5` --> `OpenWrt 23.05.0`


下载升级文件[rpi-3-squashfs-sysupgrade.img.gz](https://downloads.openwrt.org/releases/23.05.0/targets/bcm27xx/bcm2710/)


### 升级说明

>  An OpenWrt sysupgrade will replace the entire current OpenWrt installation with a new version. This includes the Linux kernel and SquashFS/ext4/ubifs/JFFS2/other OS partition/s. This is NOT the same as a first time installation (factory).

> Sysupgrade via LuCI or CLI works by optionally saving specified configuration files, wiping the entire file system, installing the new version of OpenWrt and then restoring back the saved configuration files. This means that any parts of the file system that are not specifically saved will be lost.

> In particular, any manually installed software packages you may have installed after the initial OpenWrt installation have to be reinstalled after an OpenWrt upgrade. That way everything will match, e.g. the updated Linux kernel and any installed kernel modules.

> Any configuration files or data files placed in locations not specifically listed as being preserved below will also be lost in an OpenWrt upgrade. Be sure to check any files you have added or customized from a default OpenWrt install to back up these items before an upgrade.

> IMPORTANT: Most of the upgrade procedure can be automated by using the attended.sysupgrade service. Attended sysupgrade will request the build of custom image including all your currently installed packages from a central server, download it when ready, and install it keeping your settings. The service can be accessed from LuCI by installing the `luci-app-attendedsysupgrade` package, or from the shell with the `auc` package. Note that you can upgrade systems using attended sysupgrade via LuCI even if they are not connected to the internet, as long as your browser has internet access. 


### 方式一

web页面升级 (LuCI)

- LuCI web interface System → Backup / Flash Firmware → “Flash new firmware image”


### 方式二

ssh 升级 (CLI)

- ` sysupgrade -v rpi-3-squashfs-sysupgrade.img.gz`